[Cppcheck] Note for a json file containing the configuration of addons (#434)
sider/sider-docs: docs/tools/cplusplus/cppcheck.md

```

The available values are `cert`, `misra`, `y2038`, and `threadsafety`.

> You can also specify a json file containing [the configuration of addons](http://cppcheck.sourceforge.net/manual.html#running-addons). For example specify the file path to the json file:

Reviewer: [suggestion] How about making simple?

```diff
- You can also specify a json file containing [the configuration of addons](http://cppcheck.sourceforge.net/manual.html#running-addons). For example specify the file path to the json file:
+ You can also specify a json file containing [the configuration of addons](http://cppcheck.sourceforge.net/manual.html#running-addons). For example:
```

Reviewer 2: [suggestion] SourceForge is unstable, so I recommend using GitHub instead.

```suggestion
You can also specify a json file containing [the configuration of addons](https://github.com/danmar/cppcheck/blob/master/man/manual.md#running-addons). For example specify the file path to the json file:
```

GitHub is used also here:

https://github.com/sider/sider-docs/blob/d3c09f9df2029fe8f9bd4a0dbe96a3dcfdbeb40a/docs/tools/cplusplus/cppcheck.md#getting-started

Author: > [suggestion] How about making simple?
> 
> ```diff
> - You can also specify a json file containing [the configuration of addons](http://cppcheck.sourceforge.net/manual.html#running-addons). For example specify the file path to the json file:
> + You can also specify a json file containing [the configuration of addons](http://cppcheck.sourceforge.net/manual.html#running-addons). For example:
> ```

LGTM
Fixed. commit d4b3dff529d4654f794164245da0d92ecb2fbec7

```yaml
linter:
  cppcheck:
    addon:
      - config/misra.json
```

> Note that the file path should be relative to the root directory where the sider.yml is located or the `root_dir` directory if it is specified.

Reviewer 2: [nitpick]

```suggestion
Note that the file path should be relative to the root directory where the `sider.yml` is located or the `root_dir` directory if it is specified.
```

Author: Good catch.
Fixed. commit 778df532dff4afb8445115e871d72689a9d3977f and 94ea0c7777bcc713d46f8fc660c50cd1c2a2864b
